Storyline, They Call Me ‘The Kid’
—————
Mild phrasal explanation: “Falling” is used to describe people in such phrases as “fell in battle”, or “fell ill”, and “up” is typically the direction people believe heaven, or an afterlife, to be in. Thusly, “falling up” is an around-the-block way of saying “dying”.

Act 1:
Falling Up begins the tragic tale of the album’s character, The Kid, with attempted vehicular suicide on an early-morning road trip by himself. Depressed from the abusive relationship he’s found himself in, he takes the only way out his cloudy mind can see: up. World Walker’s Travesty is a dreamlike story The Kid experiences shortly after the wreck, the tale of a nameless, legendary guitarist who made some enemies along the way. Synonymous with World Walker’s survival from a vehicular accident is The Kid’s own survival, only for him to flatline on a hospital monitor as the dream ends.

Act 2:
One resuscitative inhale later and The Kid is back to life, but not in a hospital where we thought him to be. He’s waking in a cold sweat, and frantic at his bad timing for an important opportunity to ask a girl out. The Kid finds success, and all is well for the new couple through To Your Side, Studio Sample #2, and The Song Without a Name. Unfortunately, The Kid’s new love has lost its luster, and the girl leaves him with a hellish depressive spell that lasts from Superficial to Sleepless in Sierra.

Act 3:
Only a dear friend from The Kid’s younger years can pull him out, extending a hand in I’ll Sing You a Song and pulling The Kid up from rock-bottom in Don’t Cry, It’s Over Now. Unfortunately, the departure of his trusted friend is enough to tip him into an existential crisis in Frozen in Time, which crisis slips him back into struggle with his depressed pain in Rain. A sudden message from his friend, likely checking in on The Kid as a precaution against his previous depressive tendencies, prompts a distasteful recollection of the relationship from Act 2, the fond remembrance of a (hitherto-unmentioned) one night stand with a prospective author that also had a heart-to-heart with an empathetic, encouraging Kid that night, and a heartfelt—but unnoticed—plea to his friend, one final call to pull him away from the edge in 12 Year Blues. The finale, The Kid’s losing battle with a flawed perspective on reality brought out by his depression, brings the story to a close as The Kid sits with his life at the edge of a knife; only for the abrupt sound of a morning alarm to bring us—and The Kid—back to the real world. “It was all... a dream?”