---
date: 2026-03-29
tags: [daily-note, journal]
---

# Journal Entry: 2026-03-29

At around 9:00 AM this morning, I got up and completed a Course Evaluation for my religion class. I then got out of bed and started getting ready for the day.

At 12:00 PM this afternoon, I attended Church. I walked from home to church because Aly was in Utah with the car; the walk took about twenty minutes. I arrived a few minutes before it began and sat on the end of a pew near the back. The program was very nice; it focused almost completely on musical numbers, and closed with a few remarks from the bishop. I then walked home. It was very windy on the way home. 

After arriving at home, Sophie made a FaceTime call to my family's group chat. Talked to Sophie, Cooper, Mom, and Dad for a bit over an hour. 

Read more Berserk after the call ended. Also read up on some variants to the rules of Diplomacy and messaged Colton, Cameron, and Porter for a bit. 

Read a bit more, then my new DAP arrived. Performed some basic setup, then did the dishes while I listened to music on the new DAP. Seemed like half of the kitchenware was in the sink when I started.

Nearly finished the dishes by the time Aly returned home from Utah. We hugged and talked and cuddled for a bit, then I did a bit more prompting with Gemini to refine the journal-entry-writing Python script. Expanded on the rough output from that script to create this entry. The basic idea of the script is to pull events from my digital calendar for the day to craft the chronology, then I fill in the gaps with notes, commentary, and reflection. Gemini suggested incorporating an AI API to take care of the expansion for me, but I'm on the fence about that. Unless I can get it to know what I did that was not in the calendar, it won't be able to truthfully expand on my scheduled events nor will it know what I did in the time left blank in my calendar. I'll have to think about this more.

My final convert of the mission, April Bowman, reached out to me this morning to say that she went back to church for the first time in a long time, today. We caught up for a bit over messages exchanged throughout the day. I'm happy to hear from her; I honestly thought she had gone inactive to a point where she would not return. I am glad to be proven wrong. I ought to trust more in the Lord and his timetable; he will return all who are put into his care to the Father.

Bedtime was set for 11:00 PM.
