---
date: 2026-03-30
tags: [daily-note, journal]
---

# Journal Entry: 2026-03-30

## Today's Events

At about 6:00 AM this morning, I got up. Drove Aly to her morning class around 7:25. Went home, then got ready for the day. 

At 7:45 AM, I completed my textbook reading for American Government on foreign policy.

At 8:30 AM, I walked to work. Completed my admin shift from 8:45 to 9:50.

At 10:00 AM I got breakfast from Chick-fil-a and completed my translation for Greek.

At 12:45 PM this afternoon, I attended GREEK102 - 01 Ancient Greek II.

At 2:00 PM this afternoon, Cameron gave me a ride to pick up the truck from Oswald's and drop it off at Chloe's. The truck has a bunch of fluid leaks all over, has essentially no service history on record, and apparently badly needs a new wheel bearing and CV axle.

At 3:15 PM I completed the Chapter 15. Foreign Policy quiz for American Government.

At 4:30 PM this afternoon, I a coaching Coaching Shift.

At 5:45 PM this evening, I attended my Intro to Linux Final Project Group Zoom Call. I am building the working prototype for our project by setting up a file sharing and storage server on my parents' old desktop PC using Ubuntu Server. The other two group members seemed pleased that my prototype was functional. Aly was asleep on the couch when I got home from work, so I joined the call from the bedroom without waking her. She was a little confused when she woke up to the sound of someone talking in our bedroom. After the call, she had a good cry session, worrying about school and teaching math. We decided to go out for dinner and got frozen yogurt afterward, which might have made her (or both of us) a bit sick from overeating.

Getting home around 8:45 PM, I went to the bathroom and read a few more chapters of Berserk. The Eclipse is about the happen, it seems. The story and art is getting grittier/darker/more brutal. Also listened to a review of a competitive Diplomacy game. I want to get back into playing the game again; maybe it'll be a good one to try in grad school?

Around 9:45 PM, got in bed and continued reading while waiting for Aly to finish her homework and come to bed.