Spent morning mostly in bed. Exhausted after poor night with little sleep. Drafted [[Goals for 2026|goals for 2026]]. Pondered how writing Ito can be a way to process interactions with philosophy and skills learned in my coursework. Aly joined me for a bit, to watch the final episode of Percy Jackson Season 1. Got moving afterward. Reorganized habits in Streaks. Drank cream soda. Practiced Greek with flashcards and review. Went a bit better than I expected, but still needs much work. Need to determine how to study Hebrew; considering just using the parsing trainer for now and using interlinears in my scripture study. Aly left to help her grandma shop for home goods. Listened to some Clapton and some Triple-Q.

Afternoon, started by moving mine and Aly’s possessions from the Forester to the Sierra in preparation for returning the former to Ben tomorrow. Helped Ben take down Christmas lights and pack them up. We talked about the latest Destiny expansion afterward. Did a bit more scraping of threads I participated in on the WOTW forum. Cleaned up mine and Aly’s room, including starting to pack and running our laundry. Listened to some lectures on Freemasonry; I think I feel more drawn to Jewish mysticism by way of kabbalah, more than to other mystical orders. 

I’m still not sold on AI use. I’ve been feeding old Ito content and attempting to use it to brainstorm better approaches to his character progression, but my own ideas and inspirations feel better than the AI suggestions. Perhaps I ought to put in more effort to be a better prompt engineer; I will learn that and more in the two AI courses I wish to take in the Spring term this year. Regardless, I need to draft my “AI Constitution”—the rules that will govern my personal use of AI tools. 

Evening, booted up Destiny and made it past the login screen before Aly got home. Didn’t get to play any, because she wants to go for a ride in her dad’s Corvette. Driving feels like a chore because I have travelled much lately, but I hate to tell her no on anything. It’s not every day that I get to drive a very nice, well-kept sports car, anyway.

Night, drove the Corvette with Aly up to Sólvang and back to Santa Barbara. Watched the sun set over the Pacific, as we drove up the coastal highway. Felt as though my soul was still for a time as I sat in my thoughts with the view ahead of me, some powerful instrumental music in the air, and the vehicle communicating to me the grapple with various forces of nature required to travel with such power and at such high speeds. Arrived at Aly’s parents’ house, ate dinner, celebrated Elizabeth’s birthday, then watched *Empire Strikes Back* while working on some sprite art for [[Ito Kai]]. Talked with Aly before bed, and worked with ChatGPT to continue refining [[Theos Aletheios]] while waiting for Aly to fall asleep.

